Docs: clarify Microsoft Teams notifications setup (#8437)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-notifications.md

- [Slack (account-level)](#slack-notifications-account)  &mdash; Available in private beta. To request access, contact your account manager.
- [Microsoft Teams](#microsoft-teams-notifications) &mdash; Available in private beta. To request access, contact your account manager.

:::info Microsoft Teams without the private beta

> Even if you don’t have access to the native Microsoft Teams integration (private beta), you can still send job notifications to a Teams channel by using the channel’s **email address** as an **External Email** in Email notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don’t have access to the native Microsoft Teams integration (private beta), you can still send job notifications to a Teams channel by using the channel’s email address as an external email, as explained in the next section, Email notifications.
```
